Transcriber: TED Translators Admin
Reviewer: Rhonda Jacobs
What is net zero?
We release 55 gigatons of greenhouse gases
into the air every year.
To stop global warming,
we have to get our greenhouse
gas emissions down to zero.
But for every country
to immediately shut down
all greenhouse gas-releasing activities
would be an enormous challenge,
especially since some countries
have built up an economic head start
with no restrictions.
So instead, we can use
an approach called net zero.
Net zero means that for every molecule
of greenhouse gas we put into the air,
we also take one out,
making our net emissions zero.
Net zero requires us
to make big changes today,
use less more efficiently,
and even bigger technological
changes for the future,
like replacing all greenhouse gas-emitting
activities with clean ones.
We'll also have to capture
greenhouse gases from the air
and store them permanently.
And yet, net zero is our best chance
for a sustainable future.
[Countdown
Take action on climate change
at Countdown.ted.com]